Cajun mac n cheese (#15)
diego-codes/recipes: entrees/colombian-style-beans.md

# Colombian-style beans

> This tasty bean recipe is Diego's interpretation of comfort food. Serve with white rice, maduros (plantains), and arepas (cornmeal patties).

Author: ```suggestion
This tasty bean recipe is Diego's interpretation of comfort food. Serve with white rice, maduros (ripe plantains), and arepas (cornmeal patties).
```

## Ingredients:

- 3/4 cup dry beans, such as lentils or pinto beans
- 1/4 onion, diced
- 1 clove garlic, minced
- 2 roma tomatoes, diced
- 2 tablespoon oil
- 1 cup veggie broth
- 1 carrot, shredded

> - Black pepper, to taste

Author: If the veggie broth doesn't have salt, you'd want to add some yourself.

```suggestion
- Salt and black pepper, to taste
```

## Instructions

> 1. Heat up a medium pot and add oil.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Heat up a deep pot on medium heat then add oil when hot.
```

> 2. Saute onions til they become translucent, add garlic, then tomatoes.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Saute onions until they become translucent, add garlic, then tomatoes.
```

> 3. Once these veggies are cooked down a bit, add the beans, shredded carrot, broth, and black pepper.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Once these veggies are cooked down a bit, add the beans, shredded carrot, broth, salt, and black pepper.
```

> 4. Cook beans and veggies down until beans are soft (about 2 hours). Alternatively, after the saute stage, add all ingredients to an instant pot and cook based on what your device recommends for the type of beans, plus 1 minute for good luck.

Author: When using an instant pot, you can do it all in it so no need to dirty two pots:

```suggestion
4. Cook beans and veggies down until beans are soft (about 2 hours). Alternatively, use an Instant Pot and saute the veggies then based on what your device recommends for the type of beans pressure cook, plus 1 minute for good luck.
```
